lad
You really misunderstood me. Stop talking nonsense.
You are not from Wanjia
Still acting in front of me
People like you are disgusting
Hey, Miss Xia
Ono, I am also from Wanjia, please consider me
Hey
Boy, I should have kicked you out
But for Chu Lao's sake
Get out of here yourself
Mr. Wei, are you alright, Yang Jing?
You don't believe me either, do you?
My duty
All I did was protect you
As for the others
It doesn't matter to me.
Whether you are a member of the Wanjia or not
Yang Jing will always end
Until death
I never thought of that.
Brother, I can still have someone as loyal as you
Oh, Mr. Wang, where are you going?
I'm going to the bathroom
Just wait for me here.
Why are you here?